Fix #9507 Describe accurately acceptable package names (#9508)
haskell/cabal: doc/cabal-package-description-file.rst

    tools require the package-name specified for this field to match
    the package description's file-name :file:`{package-name}.cabal`.

    A valid package name comprises an alphanumeric 'word'; or two or more

>     such words separated by a hyphen/minus character (``-``). A word cannot be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    such words separated by a hyphen (``-``). A word cannot be
```

Author: I'll put that through. My original text was influenced by the fact that Unicode name for `U+2D` is `HYPHEN-MINUS` and I was aiming for accuracy.

>     comprised only of the characters ``0`` to ``9``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    comprised only of digits (``0`` to ``9``).
```

Reviewer 2: Unicode considers ① a “digit”, so maybe, to be extra clear:

> A word cannot be comprised only of the digits ``0`` to ``9``.

Author: @ffaf1, agreed. (٠١٢٣٤٥٦٧٨٩ are other examples of digits.)

>     An alphanumeric character is one in one of the Unicode Letter categories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    An alphanumeric character belongs to one of the Unicode Letter categories
```

Author: I'll put this through.

    A valid package name comprises an alphanumeric 'word'; or two or more
    such words separated by a hyphen character (``-``). A word cannot be
    comprised only of the digits ``0`` to ``9``.

    An alphanumeric character belongs to one of the Unicode Letter categories
    (Lu (uppercase), Ll (lowercase), Lt (titlecase), Lm (modifier), or
    Lo (other)) or Number categories (Nd (decimal), Nl (letter), or No (other)).

    Package names are case-sensitive.

    Expressed as a regular expression:

    ``[0-9]*[\p{L}\p{N}-[0-9]][\p{L}\p{N}]*(-[0-9]*[\p{L}\p{N}-[0-9]][\p{L}\p{N}]*)*``

    Expressed in ABNF_:

    .. code-block:: abnf

        package-name      = package-name-part *("-" package-name-part)
        package-name-part = *DIGIT UALPHANUM-NOT-DIGIT *UALNUM

        DIGIT = %x30-39 ; 0-9

        UALNUM = UALPHANUM-NOT-DIGIT / DIGIT
        UALPHANUM-NOT-DIGIT = ... ; set of Unicode code-points in Letter or
                                  ; Number categories, other than the DIGIT
                                  ; code-points

    .. note::

        Hackage will not accept package names that use alphanumeric characters

>         other than ``A`` to ``Z``, ``a`` to ``z``, and ``0`` to ``9``

Reviewer 3: It does accept dashes though. Not sure about underscores.

Author: Dash (U+002D; hyphen-minus) is not an alphanumeric character (it is in Unicode category Pd), so I think the statement is accurate. The note is contrasting with what Cabal will accept.

Underscore (U+005F; low line) is in category Pc. It is not accepted by Cabal. I understand from a discussion on Matrix that Hackage uses the Cabal parser and then overlays an ASCII-only test, so it should not be accepted by Hackage as well.

Reviewer 4: BTW, arguably out of scope of this PR, but while we are talking about Hackage, perhaps it's worth pointing out that `cabal check` would warn (or error) at such names? If that's true ATM. @ffaf1?

This would tie the remark back to cabal, of which this is the documentation. Otherwise, why not mention what Stackage accepts?

Reviewer 2: `check` does check for non-ASCII in custom fields and flags but not on package name.

Since it is a check that can be performed locally, it should be added to `cabal check`, thanks for bringing this to my attention.

Author: @Mikolaj, on what Stackage accepts, Stackage describes itself as a subset of packages from Hackage, so I don't think it needs a separate mention.
